README.md, before:

# Nextjs Portfolio - [Live Demo](https://nextjs-portfolio-furqanramzan.vercel.app)

## Setup

### Install pnpm

Install pnpm globally using the following command, which is a performant node package manager.

```sh
npm install -g pnpm
```

### Installing dependencies

Make sure to install dependencies using:

```sh
pnpm install
```

## Developing

To start a development server:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

## Previewing

You can preview the production build with:

```sh
pnpm run preview
```

## Type Checking

To validate the definitions of the types:

```bash
pnpm run typecheck
```

## Linting

Run the following command to lint the application.

```bash
pnpm run lint
```

## Deploying

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

## License

Nextjs Portfolio is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Credit

**Figma Design**

- Author: [Beatrice Wambui Mbugua](https://www.figma.com/@beatricewambui)
- Source: [Link](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1264680769254941322/Portfolio-Design)

Commit message:

doc: add copy command for environment variable file

README.md, after:

# Nextjs Portfolio - [Live Demo](https://nextjs-portfolio-furqanramzan.vercel.app)

## Setup

### Install pnpm

Install pnpm globally using the following command, which is a performant node package manager.

```sh
npm install -g pnpm
```

### Installing dependencies

Make sure to install dependencies using:

```sh
pnpm install
```

Make a copy of the environment variables file.

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

## Developing

To start a development server:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

## Previewing

You can preview the production build with:

```sh
pnpm run preview
```

## Type Checking

To validate the definitions of the types:

```bash
pnpm run typecheck
```

## Linting

Run the following command to lint the application.

```bash
pnpm run lint
```

## Deploying

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

## License

Nextjs Portfolio is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Credit

**Figma Design**

- Author: [Beatrice Wambui Mbugua](https://www.figma.com/@beatricewambui)
- Source: [Link](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1264680769254941322/Portfolio-Design)
